[docs] How to add system packages (#6919)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/faqs.md

We defer adding older versions without a direct requirement. We love to hear why in the opening description of the PR.
This is for historical reasons, when older versions were permitted the overwhelming majority received zero downloads and were never used by the community while still increasing the burden on the build system.

## Can I install packages from the system package manager?

It depends. You can not mix both regular projects with system packages, but you can provide package wrappers for system packages.
The [SystemPackageTool](https://docs.conan.io/en/latest/reference/conanfile/methods.html#systempackagetool) can easily manage a system package manager (e.g. apt,

> pacman, brew, choco) and install packages which are missing on Conan Center but available for most distributions. However, Conan can not track system packages, like their

Reviewer: @garethsb Maybe this https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/bonjour#files?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that'd work for the runtime components I think.

version and options, which creates a fragile situation where affects libraries and binaries built in your package but can not be totally reproduced.
Also, system package managers require administrator permission to install packages, which is not always possible and may break limited users. Moreover, more than one Conan package may require the same system package and there is no way to track their mutual usage.
The hook [KB-H032](error_knowledge_base.md#KB-H032) does not allow `system_requirement` nor `SystemPackageTool` in recipes, to avoid mixing both regular projects with
system packages at same recipe.
However, there are exceptions where some projects are closer to system drivers or hardware and packaging as a regular library could result
in an incompatible Conan package. To deal with those cases, you are allowed to provide an exclusive Conan package which only installs system packages, the

> [GTk](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/gtk/system/conanfile.py) is a good example.

Reviewer 3: `gtk/system` is a really bad example. It isn't low-level and we already have a regular Conan package for it.

`xorg/system` might be the best one I think. the opengl one is okay too, but could potentially be replaced with a glvnd package one day

Reviewer 4: `xorg/system` might be complicated to understand.
`opengl/system` is nice example at the moment.

Author: Done, replaced gtk by opencl. Thanks for reviewing!

> [OpenCL](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/opencl/system/conanfile.py) is a good example.

Author: ```suggestion
[OpenGL](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/blob/master/recipes/opengl/all/conanfile.py) is a good example.
```
